
		 dtk: A Document Class and Style for
		      ``Die TeXnische Komoedie''
          the journal of the german speaking TeX users group

   	   	         original written by
			   Gerd Neugebauer
		       gene@gerd-neugebauer.de


dtk is a document  class and style file  which has been written  to be
used for  the communications of  the German  speaking  TeX users group
Dante e.V.: ``Die TeXnische Komoedie''.

For changes from the previous versions see the end of this file.

The  distribution consists of the  following  files (if one is missing
then complain at the distributor of your version):

dtk.dtx
	This is the main distribution file. It contains the class and
	style file. LaTeXing this file produces the English documentation. 
dtk.ins
	This is the driver file for the extraction procedure. You need
	the doc utility to unpack it.
dtk.bst
	This is the BibTeX style file to be used for ``Die TeXnische
	Komoedie''.
ReadMe
	This file.
beipiel.tex
	A short description example for dtk (in German).
beispiel.ltx
	The driver file for beispiel.tex. Run this file through LaTeX to
	get the dvi file.
beispiel.bib
	The bibliography for beispiel.tex.


INSTALLATION
------------

(0)	If  you  have obtained  the  unpacked  distribution, i.e.  you
	already have cls and clo files, then continue with step (2).

(1)	Run TeX or LaTeX on dtk.ins.

	This should produce the files  dtk.cls, dtk.sty, dtklogos.sty,
	dtk.ist, and some dtk*.clo files.

	This might fail due to several reasons. In this case revert to
	the  unpacked files  which  are  also distributed at the  same
	place where you got the sources from.

(2)	Move  dtk.cls  and the dtk*.clo  files to a place  where LaTeX
	searches for class files.  Move dtk.sty to a place where LaTeX
	searches for style files.

	The  suggested  place  for  the  LaTeX files  in a TDS conform
	installation is the directory

		TEXMF/tex/latex/supported/dtk

	where TEXMF is the root of the TDS installation tree.

(3)	Run LaTeX  on  dtk.dtx to  produce the documentation.  LaTeX2e
	is required for this step.

	Usually the  documentation contains a  general part describing
	the  use  of  the  class/style  and  the  description  of  the
	implementation details. If you want to omit the implementation
	description you  can create the file  dtk.dcf before compiling
	the  documentation.  This file  should  contain the  following
	lines:

		\OnlyDescription
		\endinput

(4)	Run LaTeX, BibTeX, and LaTeX twice again on beispiel.ltx for a
	short description and a sample in German.


y