The gmeometric.zip package
is a work of Grzegorz Murzynowski,
<natror at o2 dot pl>

   
1. Copyright 2006 by Grzegorz `Natror' Murzynowski

This program is subject to the LaTeX Project Public License. 
See http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/help/Catalogue/licenses.lppl.html
for the details of that license.


2. Introduction

This package loads the `geometry' package by Hideo Umeki 
and lets you to use its main command, \geometry, 
not only in the preamble.

This package requires the `gmutils' package.


3. Installation

Just put the gmeometric.sty somewhere in the texmf/tex/latex branch.
Creating a /texmf/tex/latex/gm directory may be advisable if you
consider using other packages written by me.

Then you should refresh your TeX distribution's files'
database most probably.


4. Contents

The distribution of this package consists of the following three files.

gmeometric.sty
README
gmeometric.pdf


5. Documentation

The last of the above files (the .pdf) is a documentation compiled
from the .sty file by running LaTeX on the gmeometric.sty file twice:
xelatex gmeometric.sty
 in the directory you wish the documentation to be in, 
you don't have copy the .sty file  there---TeX will find it.,
then MakeIndex on the gmeometric.glo file, and then LaTeX
on gmeometricDoc.tex twice again.

MakeIndex shell commands:
  makeindex -r -s gmglo.ist -o gmeometricDoc.gls gmeometricDoc.glo 
The -r switch is to forbid MakeIndex make implicit ranges since the
(code line) numbers will be hyperlinks.
The -s switch makes MakeIndex use the style file instead of the
default settings and the -o switch declares the not-default name of
the output file

Compiling of the documentation requires the packages gmdoc.sty (with
the gmdocc.cls class), gmverb.sty, gmutils.sty, gmiflink.sty and also
some standard packages: hyperref.sty, color.sty, geometry.sty,
multicol.sty, lmodern.sty, fontenc.sty that should be installed on
your computer by default.

The gmglo.ist file, a MakeIndex style for the changes' history, is
provided on CTAN in the gmdoc .zip archive and should 
be put into some texmf/makeindex directory.

If you have not installed the mwcls classes (available on CTAN and
present in TeX Lives e.g.), the result of your compilation may differ
a bit from the .pdf provided in this .zip archive in formattings: If
you have not installed mwcls, the standard article.cls will be
used.